I opened it myself
Do you think I'm stupid?
Fang Yi, you'd better stay here
Coming soon.
The previous poison is still there and completely mutated
The only way to save him is to rely on mineral water
Give me a glass of water and a silver needle
Life is saved
Tamano-sama, I'm sorry
I'm not good at learning
Also misunderstood you
It doesn't matter
Just remember not to give medicine at will in the future.
Lord Tian's lesson is right
What will he do in half a month?
The prince's own side concubine
Of course, the prince handles it himself
I know I didn't mean that.
Lock him up first and ask about the party
prince
Why is the prince not pretending?
If you pretend again, my princess is gone.
Who is your princess?
The eight characters have not been approved yet.